Ant-Map
Hi, this is part of our final project for all three of us. This is Aaron writing about our experience in this course. Well, initially, it is interesting for us to meet in a group when all three of us is not good at coding. Ironically, all three of us only has scratch experience in life. However, all of us think that GAME BASED reinforcement learning is attractive to us. We initally thought of doing something reinforcement, but due to our ability, we have argued on our project for a long time. Also, the mis communication caused us to get only a 3/30 on milestone 2, which is really sad. But, I do believe we give our effort in our final project. All three of us go to most of the office hours we can to finish lab work because it is heavy-loaded for us.I really appreciate how Fred is patient on helping us with the D3 lab, which I think is the hardest among all. For us, not having programming experience and data science experience in highschool, we feel our limit in this course. Personally, I remember working on lab 2 for whole three days just to understand the logic behind it. Going back to the final project. I am not expecting a great score out of it because I know we aren't that great in contrast to other groups. But, fortunately, I at least give all my effort into it. I learned a lot in this course. I self-studied leaflet maps and read hundreds of articles just to figure out stuff. Initally, I want to do a live covid-19 map, but it does not go well. The function that works needs Geojson data and those Json data does not fit other functions. So, after studying the covid live map for 18 hours in one and half day, I decided to go back to the antmap and upgrade a little features like changing layers or measuring distance. (I do not know why it does not work well on Chrome). In a nutshell, I really appreciate this experience and I wish I could have a good grade to end this perfect. I also want to say sorry to Brian that we cannot make a fabulous project that is something related to machine learning.But, I still got time to learn these stuff in the future. Hope that one day I can code whatever I want to without the limitation of programming language.
Sincerely,
Aaron Fei